 Austin Gray

austingray736@gmail.com • San Marcos, CA, 92069, US • 760 809 6444



Software Engineer 







Technology-savvy and quality-focused software engineer with nearly fifteen years of experience in software development. Adept at analyzing business needs, coordinating development teams, writing code, and implementing quality assurance measures. Proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams. Enthusiastic about improving development processes and delivering superior software solutions.

Software Development

Software Testing / Debugging 

Software Quality Assurance 

Project Planning & Execution 

Communication & Collaboration

Staff Coordination & Support 



Career Experience







Backend Developer, Gamigo, Inc. (Game Publishing), Remote	May 2021 to June 2024

Updated and maintained several backend systems, including REST APIs running on Node.js.

Migrated 100+ microservices from bitbucket/bamboo to gitlab, including transcribing their individual CI/CDs to integrate with the new deployment pipelines.

Deployed new EC2 and Lambda services on AWS using CloudFormation; Created security policies to ensure safekeeping of sensitive information while creating appropriate connections between VPCs.

Responsible for creating unit tests with appropriate code coverage as well as end to end integration tests to validate actions through program flow.

Refreshed a user acquisition funnel by removing unnecessary requirements of user input and decreasing calls to backend servers reducing time users spent waiting thereby increasing new user sign-ups by 20%.

Contributed to roadmap planning by providing expertise on current systems’ architectures.

Conducted code reviews, database maintenance, interviewing, training, and documentation.

Built relationships with external software vendors for better synergy with internal services.

Operations Manager, GTR Enterprises, Inc. (CNC Manufacturing), Carlsbad, CA	2018 to 2021

Along with my new role as Operations Manager I was still charged with my previous responsibilities as a Software Developer.

Oversaw day-to-day operations, including shop scheduling, resolving manufacturing quality issues, preventive maintenance of equipment, and employee training.

Collaborated with finance and customer departments to meet customers’ needs within budget constraints.

Worked directly with customers’ engineers to both resolve quality issues with delivered parts and to optimize part design/constraints to better meet their product needs.

Software Developer, GTR Enterprises, Inc., Carlsbad, CA	2010 to 2018

Developed a complete MRP system for manufacturing and business management.

Backend RESTful API built on PHP using F3 framework with MySQL.

Frontend SPA built on AngularJS.

Modules that were built: Inventory Control, Job Scheduling and Tracking, Quoting, Purchasing, QA (collection of measurement data), integration with finance software, and more.

Designed a mobile app for user-friendly hardware interaction on the factory floor.

Prepared Excel Macros for statistical visual analysis of sample population spread.



Education







B.S. in Applied Physics | California State University San Marcos, San Marcos, CA

	

Technical Skills







Program/Cloud Competencies

Languages

AWS

Git

Gitlab

Bitbucket/Bamboo/Jira

npm/Yarn

VS Code

IntelliJ

Docker

TypeScript (React, Express, Next)

JavaScript (Node.js, ES6)

SQL (MySQL, Postgres, SQLite)

PHP

C#

HTML5

CSS3

Python

VB/VBA

Java

Scala

Rust

Development Methodologies

Kanban (Agile)

DevOps

Waterfall



